split theme colours into separate CSS file (#1173) (#1179)
gcovr/gcovr: CHANGELOG.rst

- Fix coveralls report if there are several coverage elements per line. (:issue:`1165`)
- Fix not excluded conditions if branches are excluded by comments. (:issue:`1171`)
- Fix reported excluded branches in ``LCOV`` report. (:issue:`1171`)
- Change default HTML theme excluded line color. (:issue:`1173`)
- Move theme colors to a separate CSS file so they can be overridden with a simple

>   `--html-template-directory` directory with only the style.colors.css file (:issue:`1173`)

Reviewer: Here we reference the PR.
```suggestion
- Change default HTML theme excluded line color. (:issue:`1179`)
- Move theme colors to a separate CSS file so they can be overridden with a simple
  `--html-template-directory` directory with only the style.colors.css file (:issue:`1179`)
```
